API-1198: Update documentation to get all attributes from attribute codes (#396)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/rest-api/filter.md

  ]
}
```

## Filter attributes
::: availability versions=Serenity editions=CE,EE

When requesting attributes, you can use a filter to get only the ones with given codes.

:::info

> Filtering attributes currently only work with attribute code and "IN" operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering attributes currently only works with attribute codes and the "IN" operator.
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: @camillebourjade
